I turn to whom tonight
not as president of the united states
no as a nation leader
but simply as a human being
pietro milano to face the most frightening of trials
the bible of the day and already armageddon mantle
that is the end of all things
for the first time in the history of our planet
the human race the next technological months
to avoid their own division
all of you who accompany us in prayer
you must know that everything is possible to avoid disaster
the human desire
recognize if I'm not alone
each stage of climbing to science
I know it entirely
all the achievements of modern technology even the wars of the past
all this provided us with tools
to fight this terrible battle
in the chaos that reigns in our world are sa
rain billie joe
blessing
3 months I saw it done
through the centuries
there is one thing
they asked in history -
and raised our species from its origins
michela little time
needs of the entire planet linguistic rest tonight
giusy men
and we hope to succeed more in kia picanto
the whole world
vabe diretta.it juridical srl